Day eight of making Pixel Bro. The
combat finally looked good, but it still
didn't feel right. Today's focus was on
making every hit land harder and every
match feel more dynamic. [music] I told
Claude code to add camera shake and a
quick freeze frame after combos and high
kicks connect. [music]
It's only a few frames of pause, but it
gives those big moments a real sense of
impact. I also added a round start
sequence and a KO screen when a
fighter's health hits zero. Next, I gave
enemies an aggressive mode. When their
health drops below 25%
they turn red, run instead of walk, and
attack faster. I went to the character
creator page, added a running animation,
and told Claude code to import it using
the Pixel Lab MCP. Now, when they're low
on health, they actually charge at you.
I also added a short [music] dash for
the player. A quick burst to dodge
attacks or close the distance mid-combo.
[music] And as you can see, I replaced
the jumping animation so it's snappier.
The game's feeling tighter and more
reactive [music] with every update. What
should I add next? Maybe a boss fight?
Come back tomorrow for day nine.